---
layout: home
title: "Team Work"
date: 2018-10-21
author: Patrick
permalink: 2018/10/21/Team-Work.html
---
“Be someone other people want to work with”, this seems like a very helpful trait to have in just about any situation. On the surface it means not only can you thrive in a group environment but people will seek you out and include you in their projects because you would work well in their group. This would benefit you greatly in both the work and academic world. In the corporate world you could have your pick of what projects you would like to work on and companies might headhunt you for your abilities. In academics you could have your choice of group in any group projects and this could benefit someone working on a research project with colleagues.

Despite the benefits it is important to be someone other people want to work with for the right reasons. You don’t want to be sought out just because others know you would do all the work. Having the skills to delegate and run the group smoothly are far more important then just doing an entire project on your own.

I think I work well with others. I do work that is assigned to me and help the group run smoothly. However I could certainly improve. I often second guess other people’s work and sometimes even re-do it myself if I think it needs to be done. I also rarely ask for help from group mates which I suppose could be seen as being self sufficient. I mentioned on my last post about a minesweeper game I worked on for school. Well in that project we couldn’t get it working for a few days and were falling behind. I brought the project home over the weekend and fixed the errors myself. While it did work out the smarter thing to do would have been to delegate the errors evenly among me and my group mates and solve our allotted errors.
